.TH NNVPN 1 "OCTOBER 2023" Linux "User Manuals"                                  
.SH NAME                                                                     
nnvpn \- Nnvpn is a VPN implementation using OpenSSL and Linux TUN devices.
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                 
.B  nnvpn [-f config_path] [-s]
   [-d level]
   [-h] 
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                              
.B nnvpn 
this program implements a basic VPN based on two Linux computers, using OpenSSL for the cryptographic layer. 

A configuration file using LUA syntax must be provided to configure server and client conection parameters.

The program requires  cap_net_admin+ep capability, root user is not allowed.

.SH DISCLAIMERS
At the moment, This program is intended experimental.

.SH OPTIONS                                                       
.IP -f configuration_path
Specifies the full path related to the configuration file.
.IP -s
Server mode. If this option is specified, the program acts as server and not as client (default mode).
.IP -d level
Specifies debugging lev el (0-2).
.IP -h
A short description of arpchatcpp command line syntax.
.SH CONFIGURATION
This section explains the LUA configuration file syntax:
.IP Addess section
it specifies as string the server listening IP address or the remote server address in case of client mode, example:
.B  address = "192.168.0.111"
.IP Port section
it specifies as number the server listening IP port or the remote server port in case of client mode, example:
.B  port = 8181
.IP TUN Addess section
it specifies as string the TUN interface IP address, example:
.B  tunaddress = "10.0.0.1"
.IP TUN Netmask section
it specifies as string the TUN interface netmask, example:
.B  tunmask = "255.255.255.0"
.IP Certificate section
it specifies the path of OpenSSL pem file, example:
.B  cert = "/home/test/.keys/server.pem"
.IP Key section
it specifies the path of OpenSSL key file, example:
.B  key = "/home/test/.keys/server.key"
.IP Device section
it specifies as string the name of TUN device, example:
.B  device = "tun222"
.IP Psize section
it specifies as number the max payload size, it must be a multiple of 1500
.B  psize = 3000
.IP Log section
it specifies as string name and path of the required log file, example:
.B  log = "/tmp/nnvpn.log"
.SH BUGS                                                                     
This program is experimental, massive changes are possible.
.SH AUTHOR                                                                   
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"                                                               
 OpenSSL, TUN.
